So as shown in this course
title, this is Part Two.
So that implies that there's a
Part 1, which there is on Udemy,
and yes, you need that course also
if you want to be covered for all
the topics that will potentially
come up in the 1Z0-819 exam.
Previously, you had to sit for
two exams to get Java certified.
I had an already released course for
the first exam and a work in progress
course, this one to cover Part Two.
Oracle decided to switch from
the requirement of passing two
exams to just a single one.
Now, that's great for you because
a new exam is the same length as
each of the two previous exams,
meaning it's going to be easier
for you to pass because there'll be
fewer questions per topic [as they
have to cram the equivalent of two
courses into this one single exam].
The actual material or topics covered
haven't changed, other than a few
things being removed, so I decided
to fix what needed to be fixed
in part one of my course and then
finish off and release this Part two.
So, yes, you will need to enroll
in both of my courses, Part
one and Part two of the Oracle
1Z0-819 Java certification
course to cover all the material.
Collectively, in fact, they
cover 100% of the material that
can come up in the new exam.
So, think of Part one as the
essentials collection and Part
two as the more advanced stuff.
So note that Part two contains
little to no content from Part one.
They are completely different courses.
I recommend you start with Part
one for obvious reasons, then
complete Part two at which time
you're then ready to sit the exam.
The only other thing I want to mention
is that these courses are designed
to assist you in passing the exam.
They're not actually
designed to teach you Java.
Now, yes, you'll learn a lot of new
stuff, particularly weird syntax and
stuff that you'll use rarely, or ever.
But if you've previously never
used Java, you'll most likely
struggle in both of these courses.
Fear not, though, because if you're
in this scenario, I've got an 80 hour
Java Masterclass also on Udemy, where
you can learn Java from scratch.
So, grab that if you need it.
Go through a good portion of that
course and you'll be ready for these
two Java certification courses.
But if you have some exposure to
Java, and you focus on getting Java
certified, you're good to go, so
let's now move on to the next video
where I want to explain briefly
these ridiculous codes, acronyms,
or whatever you want to call them,
that Oracle use for their exams and
what specifically you need to know.
See you in the next video.